Right, Candice don't like me no more.
I don't even know why,
but that’s cool, because I’m just
gonna replace that with Ola...
I’m trying to get my life together.
I'm gonna change boyfriend.
That’ll take time. That's okay,
but it will look something like that.
Look, I can't be with no guy that ain't
kept a job for more than a week
in his life, so this one
is gonna be smart, yeah?
He’s gonna have his own place.
Drive a car like whoa.
A businessman, know what I mean?
He’s a tiger, but can also
be gentle, like Drake.
Home is basically sorted,
I'm here, gonna surprise my Mum.
She's gonna be bare haps,
and then I’m gonna sleep in my bed.
[theme music plays]
So, what’s the problem?
[Cynthia] I just need
you to enter the kitchen.
[Joy] We have mice, again.
If you leave food all over
the place as gifts for rodents,
don't complain when they...
Where were you? All I want
to know is where were you.
Worshiping in Israel. I told you!
-Who with?
-[sighs] Jesus!
-Where in Israel?
-Where Jesus grew up, mum.
-Where was that?
-Palestine.
When I was a child, my mother
would always know when I was lying.
-Yes, but Mummy, I'm not lying.
-[Cynthia hushes]
Mother.
What happened to the white boy?
This is the same Caucasian
man whose face Tracey sat on.
-[bed creaks]
-[muffled screams]
So, you don't have the koala,
so how is this working, please?
She's right. You don't have the koala.
Tracey. This boy...
We're hardly even friends.
So, if you've still been
on the straight and narrow...
-Yes.
-...you can prove yourself by committing
to Church of Joy Ministry. I've taken over
the community hall full-time.
I'm going to take it worldwide.
I even have a flier.
I'm giving you 1,000.
Return to me with none.
What, that's it?
Then I can move back home?
You can also heal a sick person
and speak in tongues
by the power of the Holy Spirit.
They are things only
the anointed can achieve.
And if you succeed, it will be my proof
that you are telling
the truth about your time away.
And upon completion, move back home
and restore peace upon this household.
Really great work, Joy.
Er, Mum. Mum.
[Joy] Now go.
[Tracey] Alright, look.
I hear words, yeah?
I hear commands. I see strings.
Mum says, "Hand out some fliers,
1,000"? Cool. That’s a string.
Mum says, "Speak in tongues"?
That’s a string.
Mum says, "Heal the sick"? String.
Do you know what I'll do
with them strings? Pull them.
Like a farmer milking
the five penises of a cow.
I pull them things and things just happen.
It's gonna be fine, guys.
I'm gonna move back home,
gonna take my binbag, unpack that....
Oh, Ola. Flier.
Hey, hey. Nice piercings.
Got that for fashion, yeah?
Jesus got His piercings
while he was busy dying for you.
-Don't you feel bad?
-Fuck off.
Cool.
-How many have I shifted now, please?
-You gave me one three hours ago, so one.
Cool. Cool, cool.
Oh, Connor!
Yas!
Tracey?
-You alright?
-Oh, right. Yeah?
-I’ve never done that before.
That's...
-[phone rings]
-Emma.
Better go. See you later.
[Ola] Hey, Mr. Keys!
[keys jangle]
[speaks gibberish]
-Fucking renegade Honda Civic.
-Yes, yes, Honda Civic!
Mercedes Benz?
Mm-hmm, Nissan Micra!
[both laugh]
[Ola] You're homeless,
and so happy about it!
I beg you, Keys. Keys!
-Hmm?
-I beg you, take the flier.
[groans]
-Jesus loves you.
-Damn. Only Jesus?
I don't know, maybe your
friends and family--
It's just a joke, I was
joking by way of flirting.
[groans] Hetero.
Anyway, back to the flier.
Yes, soul needs saving.
Want to take some for your friends?
As long as that's not all I take.
-What?
-He wants your number.
I'm Ash, by the way.
-You're very handsome.
-Oh, thank you.
Don’t say "thank you".
It’s not good or bad. I’m just saying.
-Got a job?
-Yeah.
-For more than one week?
-Three years.
-Do you live with your mum?
-No, I’m proud to say I own
-my own penthouse apartment.
-Are you dumb or smart?
-Well, that’s subjective.
-Did you finish year 11?
-I’ve a degree in finance.
-Cool, drop call my phone.
Drop call my phone,
-07700...
-Yeah.
...900...
305.
-[phone rings]
-I’m doing it.
That was easy.
Connor replaced me, I replace him.
String!
[phone continues to ring]
End the call. Why are you
still calling the phone?
It’s a drop call. End the call, man.
-Thanks a lot.
-Ah!
Fliers, for your friends?
Your friends and your family?
♪ Handed out all my fliers,
replaced my boyfriend ♪
♪ Handed out all my flyers,
-She's not here. Sorry.
-I don't mind.
From previous experience
of this situation,
if you say something like,
"Okay, I'll ring her,"
or, "Fucking bitch, she made me
leave the house for fuck all, fucking..."
-And by that point--
-Do you wanna go shops?
Yeah? Cool. Let's go, then, innit.
-Why?
-I wanna get sweets.
-But why with--
-What's the problem? Have I not known you
since you were, like, one?
-We’re friends, innit, so--
-Are we?
-I don't have any, so I don't--
-Look, do you know what?
I get the message, yeah?
Hope you're good, yeah?
I just don't feel
comfortable leaving the estate.
Alright. Well, I'll come back
for you in a bit, yeah,
and we can go to mine
and just chill or something, alright?
Okay.
Cool.
[Ola yelps]
Now, I just need to develop
feelings for... What's his name?
-[yelping] Ash!
-Ash.
-Ash. Then, I’m gonna walk past Connor
-with my new boyfriend.
-[phone rings]
"Your skin is so smooth,
I want to devour it.
Wink, X, X".
-[moans]
-Now...
how do I heal a sick person
so that my mum
will let me move back home
without God on my side?
Because I really don't think
he's on my side with this.
It’s very hard to heal someone
without, you know...
-Spiritual powers?
-The NHS.
-Done.
-Hey! Yas, yas!
Ola, hey! Give it to them!
Give it to them, give it to them.
Ola, my mum doesn’t know you
very well, does she?
I suppose not.
Right, so I'm thinking,
what if you pretend you're sick,
walk on the square, I pray for you,
bish, bash, bosh,
you’re healed, I'm home, amen?
-Okay.
-Really?
-That's what friends are for.
-Ooh!
You are much better than Candice.
-And more beautiful, I know.
-You are.
What's the problem between you two?
Oh, I don't know.
Sometimes, we just don’t talk.
It’s been like that since we were babies.
-[Candice] I’m not talking to you.
-I'm not talking to you either.
You're talking right now, you dumb bitch.
[Cynthia] I want Tracey.
Well, I’m happy being
your replacement for Candice.
I know, once all your mess is sorted,
we'll go back to old times
when we don't know
anything about each other. I know.
Let me do your plaits
so you look nice for Ash.
Okay.
What?
What you playing at?
Tracey don’t come round,
so you drag her sister around instead?
I didn't drag her, I took her.
Well, you can't just replace
one sibling by another.
She's my friend, too, Nan.
[Esther] You okay there, love?
You didn't have to take
your shoes off, you know.
I don't know how it works
in other people's houses.
I'm like that, too. Nervous in new places.
I'm generally always nervous.
Oh, well, that's not good,
is it? We'll soon change that.
I don't want to change it.
It keeps me safe.
So, we just sit here?
-Yeah. Chat, bounce, innit.
-Chat, bounce.
Hmm. May I ask, to what end?
We just chat, bruv.
So, there's no structure,
no intention, you just
open your mouth until you discover
you have something to say?
-Cynthia, just chill, man!
-I can't!
-Course you can.
-Go on, go on.
Okay. Well, I was reading
Church Weekly the other day,
and there was an article about how
the media has failed the church
and I completely agree.
Very few people know how
to have a good discussion
about God without being
met with "that's stupid".
[laughs] It's so funny, you know.
God is everywhere.
There have been leaps and bounds
in quantum physics that showed us
the world is not what it seems.
But then again, I've always found
that people that try to use
quantum physics in theological arguments
generally don't know much about it.
I am certainly no expert
at that stuff either, so...
[nervous laugh]
-[Tracey] Thank you.
-Pleasure.
[jazz piano plays]
I fucking love jazz.
Oh, yeah, it's alright.
I've never really bothered
with this kind of thing,
but it’s cool, yeah.
-Do you sing?
-No. Do you?
Well, no, of course I don't.
-I like Beyoncé.
-Oh...
-So, where are you from?
-London.
No, where are you from, from?
-Oh, Tower Hamlets.
-No, where did you come from?
Um... Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel.
[both laugh]
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah, of course! That's what
people do when conversing.
See, I like this guy, man,
because he's intelligent, you know?
My man could've just said "chattin'",
but no, he said "conversatin'".
-Hit me.
-What do you want?
Like, I’m alright, I like
my face and that, yeah,
but you're slightly on a different level.
You're a bit magaziney.
Oh, come on. This face!
These features, it's like...
It’s like you've been kissed by God.
-Connor... That's my--
-Your ex. Yeah. I know that, by now.
Yeah. Well, he used to say
I was beautiful, but I never believed him
because he's dumb, but you're smart,
so... Yeah. I'm gonna take that.
Sometimes, you know, I have quite
a bad opinion of my appearance.
-Also, because my ex friend--
-Candice.
Yeah! Yeah. Okay.
She used to say I was more
like Jay Z than Beyoncé,
-and she was my friend.
-Yeah, but come on, she was just jealous.
And I've not an iota
of interest in Beyoncé.
Okay, we're taking Beyoncé
off the conversating menu, if that's okay.
-Mm.
-[Tracey] What?
It's like chemistry.
-It’s happening now. Can you feel that?
-Oh yeah, yeah.
-I think we should just kiss, don’t you?
-Okay.
[Afro-Cuban jazz music plays]
[Ash exhales]
[Ash moans]
Oh my God, your tits are so gorgeous.
Oh, they're so black.
Um... I dunno...
Fucking gorgeous.
Mm, you want this white dick,
you naughty little black bitch?
You want this white cock
on your black tongue?
Yeah? You've been a bad little ni--
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Whoa!
What? What? What have I done? What?
-You said some stuff.
-What?
-You don't know?
-No!
-[exhales]
-No, I was just excited.
Sorry, what exactly did I say?
I'm gonna see what time
my bus is coming.
No... Tracey! I thought we
really had something here.
Okay, basically, this is my first
black girl experience.
I do not know what I said,
but I wasn't in control of it.
Well, maybe you should keep
your mouth closed, yeah?
In case something dodgy
comes out, again.
How you gonna look that deep in my mouth
and breasts and tell me "black"?
Look at my mouth.
Does my mouth look black?
There's actually nothing black
in my mouth. Look.
Pink, yellow, brown...
What's wrong with this guy, man?
[Esther] Talk to Tracey, Candice.
-What for? I’ve got nothing to say to her.
-If you wanna shout at her, shout.
-If you wanna hit her, smack her head.
-Enough, Nan!
-Holding this in does nothing for no one.
-I don’t care about Tracey!
When you were six years old, you gave
half your birthday presents to Tracey.
And you said, all profound
at six years old--
I said that ugly girls need presents more.
Yes, but you said something else.
You said, "Me and Tracey
are part of each other, Nan.
So, it’s her birthday, too."
Go and speak to her.
-Oh, get over it, Nan, I’ve moved on.
-[door opens]
♪ I praise you, Lord. Oh, king of kings ♪
♪ And Satan's power will also bow down ♪
♪ To praise the Lord. Oh, king of kings ♪
It's nice to see her being part
of the family again, isn’t it?
♪ I praise you, Lord. Oh, king of kings ♪
[American man] Hey, yo. Preacher.
I need healing.
Well, my dear,
welcome to the holy house of healing.
I'm tired of living my life this way.
Ooh, Mum! I would like
to pray for this man.
-Huh?
-Something in me just wants to...
Uh... Well...
Look at the pain you're in.
In Jesus' name, I pray
that your limp stops limping. Yeah?
And from now on, you ain't
gonna have no more problems.
Amen.
I don’t know.
Oh, shit! I ain't got no limp, no more!
-Mum, look!
-Look? I don't have to look.
Man, shit! I never thought
I'd walk no more again!
I can feel God's power
radiating all over the square!
My Tracey, my God!
I mean, Mum, what are you saying?
Should I just move back now?
Well, why not?
[Ola] I'm just so happy.
I’m just so happy!
I’m just so happy that I can dance!
♪ I'm just so happy that I can dance ♪
♪ Just so happy that I can dance
Just so happy that I can dance ♪
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
Okay. Yeah, I give up. I give up.
[in normal voice] Thank you
so much for the opportunity.
[Tracey thinking] Hey, Ash.
You’re so right, my boobies are black.
Can I stay at yours?
[both laugh]
Okay, she put his hand on him
and he starts crying and shaking.
[laughing] I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead.
[laughing] Stop laughing!
And then, he goes to walk away...
No, seriously, can you
not laugh that loudly?
It's an indication
of poor listening skills.
Alright, Tracey. Fucking hell.
It's your go.
You... called me Tracey.
If I did, it was, I dunno,
slip of the tongue.
Which I completely understand,
but it could've been anyone's name.
It could've been Esther’s
or Kristy’s or Karly’s,
but it was "Tracey"! Everything Tracey!
-You're her sister.
-That's the only reason I'm here.
-You're a user. You user!
-Alright, I’m sorry.
Yes, vindication!
Finally, you two have as little as I do.
I'll be busy playing Ludo Online
with dedicated civilians across the world
and Connor will be busy with his head
trapped under the vagina
of his new girlfriend.
What, Connor's got a new girlfriend?
Is Tracey alright?
[laughs] There she goes,
pretending to care
about someone other than herself.
♪ Shame, boy, your brain so lame ♪
♪ Slip, trip, bust up your lip ♪
How's that for "chat, bounce"?
-I fucking love you.
-[Tracey] Thank you.
-[exhales]
-How long can I stay here?
If you do this every day,
as long as you want.
You're comfortable, right?
[ritualistic chant]
[child] Dad!
-What's that?
-They're only here weekends.
-What's...
-[child] Daddy!
[woman] Can you make sure
they're ready at eight
and not in the shower. I have a meet...
Oh, for goodness' sake, Ashley.
How old is this one?
Seventeen?
Dad, I'm trying to find a reason
to respect you here, and I can't.
Do I have to do weekends here?
Thank you.
You said...
Never been with a black girl, before?
Glad to see that's still
working for you, Ashley.
Can I just talk you through this outfit?
Those bangles?
My dead grandmother's. Vintage.
And this special number was the bikini
I wore on our honeymoon.
Start with the basics. Do you have a name?
Do you know it?
It's Tracey.
Oh, I see! The Peckham Princess
downstairs is one of yours!
[gasps]
I am so sorry, have I disturbed you?
What was next, a threesome?
How did you know I was here?
Ola told me. I just want to see
if you're okay. I heard about Connor.
Yeah, I'm not...
Look, I'm in a bit
of a situation at the moment.
Well, let me in. I'll help.
I'm embarrassed!
Babe, there ain't no such thing
as embarrassing with us.
You and me haven't been "us" in a while.
It's not the same, is it?
Alright, fine, I just...
I wanted to find you to tell you
that he don't deserve you, anyway.
You're amazing and you're buff
and you'll find someone loads better.
Yeah. Yeah!
-I'll see you later.
-[Ash and woman argue indistinctly]
In front of the children!
What’s wrong with you?
-Ash! [snaps fingers]
-[Ash] Yeah?
The black thing is not cool!
-It's positive discrimination.
-Shut up, shut up, shut up!
Five minutes ago you told me
you were gonna destroy me.
You wanna destroy me?
Go and be in a remake of Roots, man!
Ooh, I’m seeing the light!
I’m seeing the light! I’m finding my flow!
I’m finding my flow, yeah!
I’m a wolf, tonight, I’m Doctor Foster!
I am a campaigner
for ethnic minority power.
I went to Kenya
and the Gambia for my gap year.
And I love jazz!
You... You’re the weirdest
white boy I’ve ever met!
He’s the weirdest! You're the weirdest
What...
[Tracey mutters indistinctly]
-That's...
-Would you like wine with that, sir?
-No, no, no!
-Yes, have that wine, just like you want.
[Ash] Okay. Um... [groans]
[Tracey] There we go. Huh?
Judith, my best friend is
not a Peckham Princess.
We're from Tower Hamlets.
Okay? Yeah, yeah.
And yeah, I fell for some stupid lie,
but at least I didn't pop
two kids out for this fool.
And I'm not 17. I'm a grown-up woman!
I just regularly make child-like mistakes.
I think I'm in love with you.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
[hushes]
Judith. Thank you.
Oh!
I'm really tired, Mum.
I made a sham of everything.
Ola's my friend. I got him to pretend.
I know you probably guessed that.
And, um... Here's your fliers.
Look, Mummy, it's too much,
yeah? It's too much.
So, hey, ho, I flopped the tasks,
I'm never coming home,
I accept that. Ola said
I can sleep in his bathtub.
I just don't want you
to be angry at me anymore.
[Joy] Tracey, stop lying.
Tell the whole truth, not just
the truth you want to tell.
I don't understand.
I knew you were never going
to complete such miracles.
And as for this? I can barely
give 10 fliers in this area,
never mind 1,000.
All I want is the truth about where
you have been the past three months.
-Connor.
Yeah, we lived together in a hostel.
And I loved him.
That's all I needed. The truth.
[sobbing laugh]
Oh, Mummy.
Now, speak in tongues.
Uh... What?
Take a leap of faith.
Just let the words out.
That's all you have to do.
-It doesn't matter how it sounds.
-Yeah, but I thought, now that...
Um...
[Italian accent] Fiato puntinana.
Honda civicolo.
Chevy pololo lolololo lolo.
Good girl.
[Candice] I shouldn't have
kicked you out, man.
You would've never gone away.
I'm supposed to have your back.
You do. Look at what you've
done today. If wasn't for you...
Anyway, I love you.
-Do you wanna go shops?
-Don't do it, Tracey.
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
[theme music plays]